Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
HAVE A GREAT CHUSEOK
Yisoo. it's such an honor to meet you.
Well. everyone has already left
for the Chuseok holiday.
To be honest. I'd usually give this task
to a more experienced person.
I can handle anything.
Just leave it to me.
Koko's sitter canceled.
But Koko has separation anxiety.
so don't ever leave him alone.
Keep giving him verbal affirmation.
Do well!
Koko. Mommy's leaving! Be good.
What are you doing? Bring down my bag.
Oh my God!
You came.
I thought of the name.
It's mine. my brother's
and my mom's put together.
Wow. Bora. you've grown so much!
What happened?
Yuri! Welcome!
Hello. Mr. Kim. Congratulations.
Thank you.
It's because of your family
we were able to open. I feel a little…
Oh. there’s really no reason
to feel any way.
- Okay.
- Excuse me.
- Yes!
- I'll do it. Stay here and talk.
You got a dog?
It's my boss's.
I had to bring him
because he can't be left alone.
How could you bring a dog here
when we just passed a health inspection?
We could be shut down.
Sorry. I didn't think of that. I'll go.
No. Dae. you can't uninvite her!
And he's so cute!
Don't make eye contact.
Okay. fine.
Just promise me
you'll keep him out of sight.
Of course. Of course.
Min Ho! Is Eunice coming?
Ah. she's going to be spending
the holiday with her family.
You wouldn't come home to me.
so I had to come to you.
Hello.
Yes. yes.
Let's go.
As a teacher. Jiwon is so popular!
If she had stayed in Bukjeon.
she'd have been an even better teacher!
Don't they have kids there?
It would've been great
to have you back at home
and see your face during the holidays.
If I went home.
I knew you'd want me to see him.
He's from Bukjeon.
and he has a good family.
lots of money. and so much land!
Halmoni.
I don't care how accomplished he is.
Chung-Hee and I are nothing!
I thought you'd get tired
of Seoul in a month.
then come back home where you belong.
I have to live my life.
not the life you want for me.
My goodness.
Yummy.
Mom would be so proud of you. Dad.
I will do my best.
At least someone's mom
would be proud of them. Must be nice!
Are you okay?
No. they followed me
all the way from my parents' house.
That was insane. I'm gonna call my dad.
tell him we need security.
Eunice. are you okay?
Oh my God. it's really you?
Can I get a picture with you?
Yeah. Of course.
I tried to talk to my parents about it.
but I couldn't.
Honestly. I couldn't speak.
I have no idea how to begin to tell them.
I'm so scared
they'll be disappointed in me.
What am I going to do? I'm so scared.
No.
Listen carefully.
You're not alone. okay?
I'm responsible too.
But listen.
You can't tell anyone about this.
If anyone finds out. we're done!
It's okay.
See you back at the dorm.
Whatever it is. you can tell me.
Honestly. after Paris…
I stopped having my period.
Min Ho thinks I was with Tae-Oh.
but obviously I was only with you.
If you're saying
what I think you're saying.
let's do this together.
We can even get married if we need to.
No. Dae. it's not like that.
I'm not pregnant.
Are you sure?
For a while. I thought that I was.
But that wasn't the case.
When I came home tonight.
I started my period.
I guess I was so stressed.
The paparazzi always following me.
fans always wanting something from me…
Honestly. I was so scared.
I felt like I couldn't breathe.
Dae. I just
want to go back
to the way things used to be.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm